I've had a lot of cool experiences in the Navy. One that stands out, that
I'm immediately thinking about is, when I went to Japan for the
first time. I went to Sasebo and it's not the, you know, the most exciting
thing that I've ever done but it was the first time that I was
in the country that I wanted to be in, during the time that I wanted
to be at for an extended amount of time. So, I was in Sasebo, which
is at the very very bottom of Japan, like little city that you've
probably never heard of but it's close to a couple of major cities.
So, I think I went to Hiroshima which is the city that was bombed in
the war, in World War 2 and that was an experience, just walking around,
seeing the peace park and things like that. I went to Fukuoka,
which is a really big city, similar to Tokyo, it's not as big as Tokyo
but it has many of the same styles of buildings and highrises and
when I was walking past one of the computers, this is what, in 2006,
I noticed that it had a funny shape to it. I'm walking past and
I'm like, you know, Japan is supposed to be one of the world's best
electrical countries right, the ones with the highest grade electrical
equipment. So, I'm walking past this computer and my eyes are kind
of, like, kind of weird. It was 3D, which is kind of weird because
I wasn't wearing glasses, this is just while I was walking so I looked
closer and as I turned around the computer, the person was, like,
looking at me and moving her face and stuff and that's the first time
I had ever seen it. Even right now, this is several years later,
I still haven't seen something like that. So, that's when I, kind of,
realized, "Hey, you know what? These engineers over here really know
what they're doing and they're very advanced." And, I guess another
place that I went to, was Australia. So, I got to pet the kangaroos
and some koalas and got to eat at the Cadbury chocolate factory.
It was pretty cool. It was good times then. So, I think those two are
the best ports that I've had and the coolest things that I've done
in the Navy.